README.md, before:

# story

This repo is a [Hugo](https://gohugo.io) theme based on the [story](https://html5up.net/story) template designed by HTML5 UP. It has a lot of features that might appeal to people who invest effort in their websites and blogs:

- It's blog-ready as well as being ready for arbitrary single-page content.
- It's simple and clean, but has features to add a little more visual appeal, such as header images to add mood/illustration to content.
- It supports a number of features out-of-the-box, such as LaTeX math typesetting with [KaTeX](https://github.com/Khan/KaTeX), a built-in search page with [LunrJS](https://github.com/olivernn/lunr.js), and several other niceties.
- It has built-in support for a "slides" content type, which uses [RemarkJS](https://remarkjs.com/) to build slideshows with a single Markdown document. It not only makes RemarkJS easy, but it adds other features to RemarkJS such as QR code support for easy distribution of slides (no more "can you mail me your slides"), a RemarkJS theme that adds most-needed features like two-column layouts, and content types needed to integrate slideshows into your site nicely: each presentation can have a full-featured "talks" companion page, as well as the slides themselves.
- It's "social native" with all the tags and metadata to make it highly shareable on social media sites, as well as being "tech native" with RSS feeds and the like.
- The "story" site template it's based on, and the corresponding HTML and CSS markup, are very flexible and support a huge variety of customization just by changing some CSS classes.

Despite that it's pretty rich and robust, it's also work in progress, and I would appreciate any pull requests. See the issues for the ideas I have planned for it.

Commit message:

rewrite story to base it off of ananke

README.md, after:

# story

This repo is a [Hugo](https://gohugo.io). It has a lot of features that might appeal to people who invest effort in their websites and blogs:

- It's blog-ready as well as being ready for arbitrary single-page content.
- It's simple and clean, but has features to add a little more visual appeal, such as header images to add mood/illustration to content.
- It supports a number of features out-of-the-box, such as LaTeX math typesetting with [KaTeX](https://github.com/Khan/KaTeX), a built-in search page with [LunrJS](https://github.com/olivernn/lunr.js), and several other niceties.
- It has built-in support for a "slides" content type, which uses [RemarkJS](https://remarkjs.com/) to build slideshows with a single Markdown document. It not only makes RemarkJS easy, but it adds other features to RemarkJS such as QR code support for easy distribution of slides (no more "can you mail me your slides"), a RemarkJS theme that adds most-needed features like two-column layouts, and content types needed to integrate slideshows into your site nicely: each presentation can have a full-featured "talks" companion page, as well as the slides themselves.
- It's "social native" with all the tags and metadata to make it highly shareable on social media sites, as well as being "tech native" with RSS feeds and the like.

Despite that it's pretty rich and robust, it's also work in progress, and I would appreciate any pull requests. See the issues for the ideas I have planned for it.

This theme was originally based on a website design by HTML5UP, but I grew
dissatisfied with that, and instead designed a new
theme based on ideas from the [ananke](https://github.com/budparr/gohugo-theme-ananke) theme.
