exampleSite/content/about-story.md, before:

---
title: The Story Hugo Theme
date: "2018-09-03"
url: "/about-story"
description: "Story is a beautiful responsive Hugo blog theme with many extra features including presentations, math typesetting, and search."
credit: "https://unsplash.com/photos/o-ubWHV29Uk"
image: "img/unsplash-photos-o-ubWHV29Uk.jpg"
thumbnail: img/unsplash-photos-o-ubWHV29Uk.tn-500x500.jpg
categories:
- Demo
---
Story is a beautiful responsive Hugo blog theme with many extra features including presentations, math typesetting, and search.
It is targeted to technical writers and speakers: people such as software engineers and open source developers, who want a website for their technical work.
For example, people who blog about their presentations on software engineering.
It's a great way to share your writing and speaking with the world.
<!--more-->

Story has a lot of features for people who invest effort in their websites and blogs!

- Beautiful, responsive typography for long-form content on screen and in print, including blogs and single pages.
- Support for RemarkJS slides, written in simple Markdown.
- LaTeX math equation typesetting.
- Built-in site search.

Story has many more features than this.
Explore Story and learn all the ways it can help you showcase your work!

Read next: [Story's features](/theme-features).

Commit message:

allow custom mailchimp RSS content with tldr

exampleSite/content/about-story.md, after:

---
title: The Story Hugo Theme
date: "2018-09-03"
url: "/about-story"
description: "Story is a beautiful responsive Hugo blog theme with many extra features including presentations, math typesetting, and search."
tldr: "Story is a beautiful responsive Hugo blog theme with powerful extra features out-of-the-box. It is targeted to people who want to showcase their technical work online."
credit: "https://unsplash.com/photos/o-ubWHV29Uk"
image: "img/unsplash-photos-o-ubWHV29Uk.jpg"
thumbnail: img/unsplash-photos-o-ubWHV29Uk.tn-500x500.jpg
categories:
- Demo
---
Story is a beautiful responsive Hugo blog theme with many extra features including presentations, math typesetting, and search.
It is targeted to technical writers and speakers: people such as software engineers and open source developers, who want a website for their technical work.
For example, people who blog about their presentations on software engineering.
It's a great way to share your writing and speaking with the world.
<!--more-->

Story has a lot of features for people who invest effort in their websites and blogs!

- Beautiful, responsive typography for long-form content on screen and in print, including blogs and single pages.
- Support for RemarkJS slides, written in simple Markdown.
- LaTeX math equation typesetting.
- Built-in site search.

Story has many more features than this.
Explore Story and learn all the ways it can help you showcase your work!

Read next: [Story's features](/theme-features).
